All right.
So to understand this picture a little bit more let's again consider this simple circuit here where
I have a battery of a certain voltage.
Again we're gonna have one point five volts here okay.
And let's imagine now.
So this is a positive and this is negative.
Right.
So imagine you are an electron somewhere in this segment of wire anywhere it could be on the plate could
be in the segment of wire.
Right.
What do you want to do if you're an electron if you're an electron over here.
What you're going to do is you're going to want to go toward the positive plate.
Right.
If you're electrons electrons that was sitting on the plate.
You want to go toward the positive plate and you have a conducting path to get there.
So all the kind of free electrons there kind of go over here.
So let's get rid of them.
They're not going to be all the free electrons we're gonna get rid of a lot of them.
Imagine you're an electron kind of on the other side.
All right if you're an electron over here what do you want to do.
Well you want to get away from this negative side.
Right.
So the electrons over here are going to want to go in this direction.
Electrons are really going to want to go kind of deposit themselves on the plate and electrons that
were on this side.
They want to go toward the positive plate.
So again if I had an electron that was originally right there again it wants to leave and get off that
plane.
So at the end if I have negative charges that have left this plate guess what happens at the end it's
going to become positively charged because the electrons want to get attracted to this positive plate
from the battery the positive side of the battery on the negative side again you're going to have all
these excess electrons now that are going to go on the plate.
So what we have is something like this.
Now it doesn't continue forever.
Right the reason that you have this motion of the charge is because you really had this battery that
was kind of producing an electric field inside the wire.
But imagine now we have kind of two things going on.
Let's have a look at a segment of wire right here.
OK.
We have the battery that produces an electric field that goes up like this.
So this is either the battery and what else after you place or you've removed some negative charge from
this plate.
Guess what happens.
All right.
It basically produces an opposite.
E from the capacitor and once these are balanced out again there's not going to be anything that's going
to happen the net electric field is going to be zero over here.
So this process is going to stop.
It's basically going to stop once the voltage across this capacitor V is equal to one point five volts.
In that case it's going to be equal to the voltage of the battery.
All right.
So we have the voltage of the battery is going to be equal to the voltage across this capacitor.
OK.
And that's when the process stops if you know the voltage across the capacitor then that's when we use
our equation that the charge on the capacitor is equal to the capacitance multiplied by the voltage
across the capacitor.
And again now we can get our simple calculation which was three times 10 to the negative six cool ohms
again going back.
That means that this plate here has positive three times 10 to the negative six columns.
And this guy right here has negative three times ten to the negative six columns.
You always have a positive and a negative plate like this.
And we use our basic capacitor equation in order to find its value.